What are you doing so late?
Unannounced inspection, of course.
What, you want a job?
Don't worry, it's alright.
I'll go over first
Grandma, I'm not at ease
I'll go take a look.
You really like this girl
Watch them.
It's not that you don't know Zhao Nan's background
So I want to accept Xiao Yuan as a closed disciple
I can't see the wrong person at my age
If Zhao Nan dares to bully Xiao Yuan
My old bone won't let him go
Dead scum
Why would I rather marry someone like you?
Hmm, seems like I'd rather
This little spy was forced to separate from Li Ning
Finding fault today
He's not turning it on.
These are the cadres who came down from above
A special project for people like you
Okay, take us to him
Work and remodeling places to check it out
Sorry comrade
There are still some things to deal with from the squad office
Come down and accompany a few of you
Strange that Li Yan didn't go
Didn't he want to find me?
Comrade Xing Li Yan
If you are busy, we will go there by ourselves.
Thank you
What are you doing here? Go